I welcome last Wednesday
I promised to talk about the properties of
benefits of a fruit of a tree
African she is called karité karité
means butter yes and it's a tree
who lives almost two centuries I tell you that
this component this fruit is very
used in natural cosmetics we have
talking about gels the week before and
really what it causes on the skin by
mostly of the body a great
hydration we always take care of
face of the hands and we forget about
other parts of the body
you know that it is extremely important
moisturize the skin inside and out
ideally after showering one
place a cream or gel like in this
case to moisturize all the skin of the
body especially some places that do not
we give them importance as heels elbows
the legs always the woman is more more
simple or more usual to place a
cream well but good not to forget that
whole body has to be is
hydrated and when they are gels and about
all this component that is excellent is
easier and it will be easier for you
to be able to apply it the carite has as
main component vitamin efe
very many and is ideal for the pregnant
notice that when the belly grows it is
very likely that after some
Stretch marks also will accompany you in the
ideal breastfeeding to moisturize the breasts
so it's so important when it comes to
breastfeed the baby and especially that at
be a natural component because you do not have
that withdraw the surplus then it's
extremely practical for you ideal for
the joints in the case of
athletes when there may be some
kink or some injury is highly
Anti-inflammatory and active drainage
lymphatic therefore helps eliminate
toxins help when the woman sometimes
have cellulite or some problem with
liquid retention ideal for
sunburns lips eyelids and the
nose we know that in these times of
cold sometimes we still go to the coast
we went running and it is very important that
you can moisturize those parts too
of the good body hopefully this has been
very useful as I always tell you
excellent component that you can
find in different cosmetics
natural and good to use it like that because
one can tell you a lot but only
testing it you can achieve it if God
want next Wednesday I'm
again with you and if you stayed
doubts that can happen you can
communicate on our phone 15 68 30
54 and you have a facebook page for
that you can leave your doubts and communicate
natural universe tb if God wants you
I see next Wednesday chao